From London-- join students
from the London Business School
for C.E.O. EXCHANGE.
It's a city of contrasts.
Tradition abounds...
yet net fever
has taken London by the reins.
Meet two C.E.O.s helping turn
the Old World new.
Those words weren't even in
our vocabulary eight months ago.
Jim Rose of the on-line
auction site QXL.com
and Kevin Roberts
of advertising giant
Saatchi  and  Saatchi are high-tech
with a British accent.
Once we can connect
emotionally on the net
it will become
a more powerful medium.
Next, two C.E.O.s driving
forces in Europe and beyond.
Exclusive national funding
is provideby A.T. KEARNEY]
They're called innovators;
big thinkers;
the leaders;
the ones who push
when others pull.
Some transform industry,
other change society.
Many inspire a new generation.
C.E.O.s,
Chief Executive Officers
facing challenges,
achieving success
telling their stories.
And now our host
CNN's senior analyst,
Jeff Greenfield.
( applause )
Thank you
and welcome to C.E.O. Exchange.
It is a blow to my American
arrogance to admit this
but coming to Europe
sometimes makes me feel
like I have landed in
an advanced civilization.
You have high-speed trains,
the Chunnel
digital television in the home
the best wireless phone networks
on earth.
But when it comes to the web,
it is different.
The earthquake that has shaken
the American business landscape
to its roots is still
more or less a tremor here.
Jim Rose is one of the people
who wants to change all that.
Since 1999,
he has been C.E.O. of QXL.com
the on-line auction company
that is now one of the top three
internet retailing sites
in the U.K.
His company is a striking
example of the challenge
posed by Europe and its culture
to the so-called
"instant global medium."
We will meet Jim Rose of QXL.com
later in the show.
But first, Kevin Roberts
of Saatchi  and  Saatchi.
Internet companies
proclaim themselves
heralds of the new media
but they are pouring money
into the old media to do it.
That's one reason
why ad agencies
are enjoying boom times.
More than a C.E.O.,
Roberts is an evangelist.
He literally travels the world
preaching the gospel
of brand loyalty
and the perils and promise
of the future.
How you doing, guys?
Announcer:
Behind Kevin Roberts
are 7,000 employees
in 150 Saatchi  and  Saatchi offices
in 92 countries
around the world.
An "A" list
of international clients
includes Procter  and  Gamble,
Toyota, Sony and Hewlett-Packard
with international billings
of over seven billion dollars
in 1999.
Ahead of Mr. Roberts
is the high-profile merger
with Publicist, the biggest
French advertising agency
which recently bought
Saatchi  and  Saatchi
for two billion dollars.
They did some fantastic
media ideas, right?
Roberts:
There's going to be
a new revolution.
We've gone through
the Information Age
we're past
the Age of Knowledge.
That's not enough
for today's consumers.
They are very cynical,
they are very savvy
they are very experienced.
Now you have to establish
trust and lust.
Smooth those
out more... okay.
Announcer:
Before Roberts came on board
as C.E.O. in 1997
big name brands were deserting
Saatchi  and  Saatchi--
revenues were falling.
In came Roberts who had never
worked in advertising before.
Roberts:
The first thing I did was
to really reinforce the values
that were already there: that
"nothing is impossible" credo;
the belief that
Saatchi  and  Saatchi wanted to be
revered as a hothouse for
world-changing creative ideas.
I didn't bring in
any new people at all.
I did it with the team
that was there.
And that shows, you know,
what strong people we had.
Announcer:
Since Roberts took over
as C.E.O.
Saatchi  and  Saatchi has built
on results
rather than on commission
and revenues are up ten percent.
Man:
There has been a steady increase
in the net new billings
over the years
to a record $735 million
in 1999.
It was an absolutely stunning
performance.
They are winning new clients.
Announcer:
But those clients can be fickle.
In spite of record
new client gains last year
Saatchi  and  Saatchi lost
the most international business
of all advertising agencies,
$326 million.
Constant focus on key clients
is what drives Roberts.
Roberts:
I don't waste any time
worrying about losing them.
I spend my time worrying about
how to grow
their business faster.
Announcer:
Which explains a lot
about his passion for China
currently the eighth largest
advertising market in the world.
Roberts:
Saatchi  and  Saatchi is the biggest
agency in China.
We've been there through
rough and rougher.
And we'll be there for rough,
rough and even more rough
because the opportunity,
the potential is fantastic.
Announcer:
Opportunity knocked for Roberts
when the high school grad
met '60s fashion legend
Mary Quant in a bar.
The next day he was running
her cosmetics division.
Roberts:
You got dragged in for this
as well, did you?
Announcer:
As C.E.O.,
Roberts has headed up Pepsi
in the Middle East and Canada
where Pepsi outstripped sales
of Coke under his leadership.
In 1989, he moved his family
to New Zealand
the place he calls home,
when he became C.E.O.
of the Lyon Nathan Brewery
and quadrupled their profits.
We bring more emotion
and more warmth into stuff
which is where this is going.
Announcer:
Taking on a New Zealand accent
along with the directorship
of a rugby club
he has co-written a book
equating the strengths
of good management and sports.
Ever ahead
of building new business
Kevin Roberts's other passions
are his family
playing tennis, watching rugby
and collecting art--
a lot of art.
A lifestyle far removed
from his working-class
background growing up in England
and better suited
to the goal he achieved
of becoming a millionaire
by the time he was 30
a goal as bold and inspired
as the art he collects.
Greenfield:
As we say in the States,
"let's get ready to rumble."
Ladies and gentlemen,
please welcome
the C.E.O. of Saatchi  and  Saatchi,
Kevin Roberts.
( applause )
Have a seat.
Fo
( smattering of applause )
Okay.
It's odd that we're
putting this
on the table
since we are in
front of an audience
of business school folks
but college was
something you skipped
entirely, right?
Yeah-- I would never recommend
it in today's age
I think it was...
In the 60's, it was all about
growth and luck
and opportunity and a lot of...
a creative explosion,
right?
Greenfield:
I'm still
wrestling
with this story and
the greater moral of it.
Let me see if I can
at least find one.
When you now are
the C.E.O. of a company
that I assume employs
a great many people
with high university
education
and graduate
degrees and all
what, if any, role
does this educational
background
or lack of it have
in how you lead now?
When we hire people
at Saatchi  and  Saatchi we are just
looking for a couple of things:
One, are they team players?
You know,
do they work in a team?
Because we don't like these
kind of...
disruptive influences.
We like people who are
disruptive within a team.
So, it's kind of
one team, one dream.
We look for people
who are competitive
passionate and restless
people who are driven
by emotion
rather than by logic
and rational stuff.
We just hired
some account executives
and we put this ad in the paper
with no logo on it.
We just put,
"Would you like to join
the hottest idea shop
on the planet?"
So we got a lot
of people who were
crazy enough to apply.
And then we said, "Okay,
we're at Saatchi  and  Saatchi.
Come in for an interview
tomorrow."
So a lot of people
came in, kids.
We didn't ask them where
they'd been to school
or what they did.
We just gave them all
a Polaroid camera
and said
"Come back tomorrow
with three pictures
that are going
to change the world."
And this New Zealand kid, 22
came back in with three pictures
of himself.
Greenfield:
Did you hire him?
We hired him and we've
promoted him twice
in two years.
Not because he comes from
New Zealand, entirely.
To me, to me, though,
this is
a striking illustration
of what, I gather, is
at the core of your...
professional life.
That is...
Lunacy.
No, I wouldn't
put it that way
although, I'll take
your guidance.
I was thinking more
of the instinct,
the emotion
as you say,
the non-rational.
And my question
to you is,
as a C.E.O.
of a worldwide company,
are there times
when you have to
do it the other way?
When you have
to be methodical?
If you are looking
at budgets
if you are looking
at decisions that
involve money
or can you always
be this person
who is thinking in
this intuitive, hunch way?
When I joined the company
the first thing I did
was get rid of
the human resource department
and the second thing I did was
get rid of the budget process.
So we don't do
that stuff anymore.
( laughter )
So when I go
to an agency
I just look at the work.
If the work is great
we are going to make money.
You know,
this is a real simple business--
do great work,
look for imagination
look for intuition,
look for ideas.
They are all
kind of "I" words, right?
Then look for "E" words like
emotion, excitement
and energy.
And if all that stuff
is happening
you are going to make
bucket loads of dough.
Couple more things before
we bring out our next guest
and then you're going
to come back
and we're going
to really rock and roll.
There's just
a couple of things.
Part of what you
are blunt about
is yourself.
Blunt, blunt.
When you worked in
New Zealand with
a brewery
Lyon Nathan, which had
some hard times
you were quoted as saying
about yourself--
this is you
speaking--
"I was crap for my
last three years.
I was entrenched,
conservative and
risk-averse."
How, given your personality,
could that have happened?
And what lessons should
these young folks
take from the fact that,
by your own measure
you found yourself
in a position where
you weren't you.
First of all, never let
a C.E.O. stay around
for more than seven years--
shoot him.
Because, you know,
year one you spend
kind of getting really
excited about it
learning who people are.
Year two, you learn a bit
about the business.
Year three, you start
having some ideas.
Year four, you start
executing them.
Year five, they start
coming to fruition.
Year six, you start believing
your own bullshit.
And year seven, you start
defending it, right?
So, if a C.E.O. has
been there for...
how long has the guy
who's going to be on
next been here?
Well, shorter than you.
Okay, that's good then.
Anyway, once they're there
seven years, show them
the door, man.
Give them lots of money,
whatever, show them the door.
Rule number one;
rule number two--
never work
in a declining industry.
Man, it is just too hard,
it is too hard.
I'm a growth guy,
I'm all about people
I'm all about taking risks.
And that gets tougher
and tougher and tougher
if you are in an industry
which really needs
process decentralization--
re-engineering, restructuring
and all
this gobbledygook, right?
I don't like
closing down stuff, you know?
So I was really no good at it.
And I stayed there...
resisting that because
I didn't want to fail.
And yet I was failing
more and more every day.
One more thing
in this area.
I know you dropped
the word "advertising"
from Saatchi  and  Saatchi,
but you do advertise.
You sell... anything
you wouldn't sell?
I mean, there are companies
that won't take cigarette ads.
There are companies
that won't do politicians.
There are companies that won't
do genetically modified food.
Anything you
won't take?
If it's legal, we'll do it.
No problems
about this?
Zero-- you know, I don't have
a direct line to the Almighty
nor do I have a direct line
to government policy.
So if it's legal, we'll do it
and if it's profitable,
we'll do it a lot.
( laughter )
Kevin will be back
with us later
and will try to draw
him out of his shell.
But for now,
let me thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen, say
good-bye to Kevin Roberts.
( applause )
I don't know how many
stereotypes were smashed
in those last few minutes,
but I suspect a fair number.
Um, for a British C.E.O.,
our next guest is unusual
and that is because
he is an American.
Jim Rose joined QXL.com in 1999.
He turned down an opportunity
to head a Silicon Valley-based
start-up in the process.
QXL.com is the Euro-challenger
to Priceline, eBay, Yahoo
and his biggest weapon
in this fight is the fact
that even on-line, people seem
to like to shop closer to home.
By the end of 2001,
there will be more people
on-line in Europe
than in the United States.
And Jim Rose has a plan
to capture those eyeballs
along with their pocketbooks.
So, how you doing?
Announcer:
If it's Tuesday,
Jim Rose must be in Britain
or Germany or Poland
or any of the other
13 European countries
where QXL.com is on-line
the first multi-language
auction site.
Allo, QXL....
Wir haben schon in dem Sinne
das eben mit meines...
Announcer:
Operating in nine languages,
dealing in 13 currencies
figuring out 13 local taxes
QXL can also switch languages
and services
to facilitate
cross-border bidding.
Si, si, si...
Announcer:
QXL is a uniquely
pan-European business
with an all-American C.E.O.
Rose:
There are so many things
happening and to be done.
Being a part of that,
being in the middle of that
as a major e-commerce player
in Europe
is an exciting place to be.
Those are the things
that keep me here
the cultural side
and the business opportunities.
Announcer:
Jim Rose was born
and raised in Illinois.
His father
still practices law there.
His mother is a housewife.
In high school, he ran
his local Kentucky Fried Chicken
outlet part-time.
When he graduated
some months early
he managed that K.F.C. full-time
and oversaw ten others.
...whether it's the
entrepreneurial spirit...
Announcer:
Jim's ambition
continued on into college
where he eventually
earned his M.B.A.
from Northwestern University's
night program.
In 1993, Jim was named
U.K. managing director
of A.C. Neilsen,
and moved to London.
Rose:
You could be a small fish
in a big pond, if you will
in the U.S.
at that point in time
or be a big fish
in a small pond here
and really extract
those opportunities.
And that's clearly what I saw
in the European marketplace
and that's why I came here.
Announcer:
In 1996, Jim was recruited
to be C.E.O. of Blackwell
Information Services
and launched one of the first
on-line book shops.
Two years later he became C.E.O.
of United Information Group
a division of Britain's
communication power house--
United News and Media.
Last year he took on
stewardship of QXL
when it was
in just four countries.
The on-line auction site is now
in eleven European nations
and moving east.
Asia could be the next stop
for QXL
And they're also getting
into personal finance
and other areas
besides auctions.
They just started a credit card
which is really going to be
the cornerstone
for their move
into personal finance.
Announcer:
When he is forced to relax
Jim goes deep-sea fishing
and plays some golf.
But like QXL,
Jim Rose is always working.
He takes meetings
in the hallway...
He's got another
meeting at 4:30.
Announcer:
gives interviews on the run...
Not just QXL--
no, just in general.
Announcer:
and insures that QXL is
aggressive in so many alliances.
It has co-market auction deals
with AOL and Excite
and with Blockbuster in the U.K.
It has a stake
in a television company
developing interactive auctions.
With 70% of its users
repeat customers
it's estimated that QXL
will be in profit by 2003
a year earlier than forecast.
But the Yanks are coming.
E-bay, Amazon and Yahoo have
already a strong presence
overseas.
E-bay may have larger revenues
but QXL is heavier in registered
users with over 1.7 million.
Rose is open to growth
in other ways.
D'accord, je vous remercie.
Alors, au revoir.
Announcer:
It's not the competition
that keeps this self-confessed
workaholic awake at night
but staying on top
of the technology
and delivering customer service.
Jim Rose acknowledges
that he's a fast decision maker
admitting that he'd be
a terrible government worker
or gardener.
Ladies and gentlemen, please
welcome the C.E.O. of QXL.com
Jim Rose.
Welcome.
Have a seat.
So, when you were
in high school
you were running
a number, I gather
of Kentucky Fried
Chicken franchises?
Exactly, exactly.
So at the risk
of over generalizing
is it a really useful thing
for people who want to make
a career in business
to really move
to get that under
their belts very young
that experience
of dealing with crisis,
managing people?
I think so.
I think life gives you
its turns, if you will
as you go through.
Certain things are put
in front of you
and how you make your decisions
and where you go.
It happened
to work out well for me
but I think
learning very early...
I've always
kind of been very early
in terms of managing a business.
I was 16, 17 years old, having
to close a store, you know
responsible for a million-
dollar-a-year store and so on
and the people issues
that surround that.
I think those experiences,
the more you get earlier
from bad customer experience
to problems
to having failures
in that process
strengthens you
at a very young age.
And it's all about experience.
I think one of the things you
see with the internet right now
particularly out of the U.S.
and Europe
is a lot of bright people
a lot of energetic
people and so on
but they lack
the fundamental experience
about running a business
and all of its
kind of broad-based issues.
And I think
those early foundations
have been helpful for me.
Let's talk about
what I alluded to
at the outset
which has to be
one of the most
daunting challenges
of launching or managing
or running a company
like QXL.com in Europe.
You're dealing with ten
or 11 different languages
and yet you have this, now...
this system
which, I gather, has begun
to solve this problem.
Tell us about it, because
I find it absolutely striking
that you can do this.
Yeah, well, from
a technological
point of view
I mean, it's not
that rocket science.
We just early got focused
and were able
to implement it there.
But one of the strengths is
all of the weaknesses of the
U.S. companies you talked about.
You go through the blue-chip
names in the U.S. markets there.
How many of them are
very suc#ssful in Europe?
Not many.
And the reason for that is
the lack of understanding
of these markets
from a consumer's
point of view
about language, about
currency, about content
about how to talk to them
in terms of promotion
marketing, merchandising--
all of those issues.
So even though there's
the cyberspace out here
and this ".com"
and this virtual world
at the end of the day,
if I'm French,
I want QXL.fr
and if I'm Italian,
I want QXL.it.
And the thing about QXL, it's
about giving consumers a choice.
So if I'm an Italian,
for example, if I go to QXL.it
all the navigation's in Italian,
all the currency's in Italian
and even when I go
into a category to search
I'll see all
the Italian stuff first.
But if I want to see
the stuff in that category
in Germany, in France, in Sweden
or wherever the case may be
I can do that.
As you look ahead
with Yahoo and E-bay
and Priceline
clearly looking
at a European market
is an alliance
or a merger
something that's
very much in the
possibility for you?
Well, I think it is.
One issue: we're getting
pretty big, pretty fast
so that limits the options.
And one of the things I do
as the C.E.O. of the business
I can't really focus
on things I don't control.
So if someone wants
to do something above me
then those things happen.
What we've done at QXL is
we've made eight acquisitions
in about eight months.
We've consolidated the space.
And if you look
at the European landscape
no other industry segment
is consolidated, at all.
Even the I.S.P.
and the portal market.
The on-line auction market
is pretty much consolidated
at this point in time.
We've probably spent
about $1.7 billion
in terms of acquisitions
and currencies
to get the critical mass
and scale much quicker there.
So my focus is to develop
the best pan-European
business I can.
If the people up top
want to look
and consolidate
in strategic alliances
we'd certainly
entertain that
but I can't really
focus on that at all.
I think one
of the unfortunate things
about what's going on
in the new economy is
the strength of the U.S.
and the U.S. capital markets
are so strong.
It's had five years
to develop and mature, you know?
If you look
in the European marketplace
in about eight months,
eight months in all of Europe
at a population of 380 million
versus 260 million
something like that
in terms of where
internet penetration is
and all that kind of stuff
and they're kind of getting
the European markets
in eight month's cycle, have
to behave like a mature market.
And hopefully the European
markets, if you will
can have the strength to drive
through, and not be drawn down
by the maturing nature, if you
will, of the U.S. marketplace.
So what's key
to you?
I almost picture you
as Sir Francis Drake
and E-bay and Priceline and
Yahoo, the Spanish armada.
Now, that's good for you
since strike one.
But, I mean, as you
see these giants
coming to Europe
is there one key element
to your strategy
that says here's how
we're going to make sure
that we survive this?
Yeah, well, first of all, all
those players are here, yeah?
Amazon's been here a year
with auctions.
Yahoo's been here
for over a year.
E-bay's been here
for about two years and so on.
So all those players are here.
And we still continue to grow
at 100% plus per quarter
still continue to lead
in these marketplace
mediametric statistics.
So we certainly
drive that.
The thing for us,
our differentiation
our whole point
is the localized service.
You take things as simple
as credit cards in America.
Everybody has a credit card.
What's the big deal?
You go to the Netherlands
and Germany
credit card penetration--
high teens, low 20s.
What kind of other payment
mechanisms do you employ there?
You have to do things
differently in those markets
in the way those people transact
in the way those people
feel comfortable
doing that.
You got to do different
things with your system
to enable that to happen
and that localization
is the key strength.
A couple of months ago,
as we now talk
your stock, with the depositor
of receipts in America
shot through the roof
because...
by recommendation
from an analyst
who valued your stock at...
it was like $333 a share.
Some insane amount.
It turned out it was
a 28-year old analyst
with about a year
experience on the street.
And I would think,
in some ways this could be
as big a problem
for you
as the other side
when a stock takes
a dip.
You've got a couple of issues.
Managing the capital markets
is a huge task in itself.
QXL is dual listed,
which is quite a unique thing.
We're listed both in London
as well as in NASDAQ in the U.S.
You've got the S.E.C.
in one environment
and you've got the L.S.C.
in the London Stock Exchange
and that environment has got
rules and regulations there.
You've got investment bankers
and research analysts
on both sides of the pond
having different views
of the world.
So the bulk of my time
unfortunately
recently has been
in capital markets
talking to institutions,
investors, etc.
and make sure
the right message gets out.
So it's a very time
consuming process.
Okay.
This is a good time now to stop
and to ask Kevin Roberts
to rejoin us
for the next part
of this program.
Please welcome
back Kevin Roberts.
I want to start
by asking a question
about corporate cultures.
In a sense, both of you,
in one sense
were outsiders
when you became C.E.O.
Kevin, you became
C.E.O. of Saatchi
having never worked
in an ad agency
so the question is this.
How, as an outsider,
do you come in
and establish your
authority, your credibility
and the fact that you are
someone to be respected
but also not
to be terrorized by.
What did you do your first day
as C.E.O. of Saatchi?
First day,
I talked about our purpose
which was to transform
the businesses' brands
and reputations of our clients
and I talked about our focus
which was
to just make the best ads
in the category
in every country we were in.
So the story
that the first day in New York
you walked through the office
with a baseball bat
is a vicious distortion?
Well, I actually didn't go into
New York for a couple of weeks.
I was going around really
where the people were.
One advantage that I had
at Saatchi  and  Saatchi...
I had two advantages.
One, I never worked
in advertising
so that's a really good place
to start.
So I didn't know what could
be done, couldn't be done
what should be done,
what shouldn't be done
any of that nonsense.
When you came into this company
um... I take it,
most people--
as we established--
who worked for you
were much younger.
Mm-hmm.
You're an American,
they're mostly European.
Did that pose any
particular challenge?
First of all, this is actually
my third new C.E.O. role
or managing-directing role, in
Europe, in a European context
so it wasn't I just
kind of got off the plane
and said
here I am out of America
and I'm going to solve
all the world's problems.
I had two previous track records
here in the U.K. marketplace
dealing with
global businesses
and global enterprises.
I see myself
as another member of the team.
I've got a certain set
of responsibilities
as these other people
and if anyone misses
what we have to do
the organization will miss.
And the first couple of weeks
and months
is just listen, listen, listen,
listen to these people
and understand what's going on
and then you kind of formulate
some views.
Kevin, when I read
your speeches
that you give literally
all over the world--
I don't think you've
spoken in Antarctica
but it's about the only
place you haven't--
you really do talk
about what you do
so much different
from a job.
I mean, it does sound
to me almost like--
as I said
at the beginning--
an evangelist, I mean,
a passionate belief.
Is this what drives you
more than anything else
more than the material stuff,
more than...
I mean, your wife and family
live in New Zealand,
right?
And you live there,
and New York
and London.
You get to spend how
much time with them?
A week a month.
What's wrong with that picture?
It's perfect, right?
The reason I've been
married 25 years
is that I'm away
three weeks a month,
you know?
But, Kevin...
Roberts:
That's her view.
Is it perfect?
It seems to me that's
a high price to pay
for driving this
worldwide company
that you don't see your kids
three out of every four weeks.
Oh, look, I think balance
is a lot of nonsense.
I think you've got
to avoid moderation.
Nothing succeeds like excess.
Nothing succeeds like excess,
man.
It's about passion.
I'd rather be doing this
than anything in the world.
The chance to talk to you guys
is pretty exciting for me--
To talk about what I believe in,
it's great.
I don't think it's evangelism;
it's passion, it's love.
I think the only thing you
got to do when you quit school
is go into something
you really love
because if you really love it
you're probably going
to be really good at it
if you're probably
really good at it
you'll probably make
bucket loads of dough.
And this is a great circle
to get into.
Your wife will love that.
You'll be able to do
great stuff with her--
your husband, your kids.
Passion.
One more question
about corporate culture.
That's almost
an oxymoron
nowadays, huh?
Corporate culture?
Roberts:
Yeah.
Then let me talk about...
You know what
the right word is?
It's spirit.
Okay,
corporate spirit.
That's a better word
considering the question
I want to ask.
And that is... how, as a leader
do you deal with the people
who you lead
when things
don't go right?
For example, you had
a great year last year
but one of the things
that happened was
Delta left
Saatchi  and  Saatchi.
It's a $100-million
account
and there were people
at Saatchi
who bled
for that company.
When you get that
news, as the C.E.O.
what do you do?
Oh, I was there.
It was me they fired.
All right,
what do you do
when you go back
to the shop?
Roberts:
Well we didn't take
a Delta plane
back out of Atlanta--
I've got to tell you that.
( laughter )
Greenfield:
Kevin, if you didn't take
a Delta plane back
you took a freighter
because that's...
But once you got back
to wherever
you were going...
Auckland or London or...
Look, I don't think
it's about winning at all.
I think it's about
being the best you can be
and competing in a team
and always improving.
Don't give people
what they want;
give them what they never
dreamed possible, right?
You will fail,
you will lose.
It doesn't matter.
We welcome that,
we think it's great.
Learn from it.
A genius is a guy who makes
the same mistake once, right?
So we lose Delta.
There's plenty more airlines
out there.
Why did we lose it?
We lost it
because we didn't
do fantastic work.
So we deserved to lose it.
So we all looked at the work
and we said it's not fantastic.
Why isn't it fantastic?
Because they didn't turn us on.
And... for you?
Was their fault.
Rose:
I'm used to running
global businesses
with 5,000 people.
To have a pan-European business
with 300 people
you really can
get your arms around that
and communicate with the people
fairly effectively.
So it's that recent
conversation.
We don't have big-account
situations like that going on.
And when things don't go right,
you regroup.
Why did this happen?
Learn from it
and kind of move on.
Especially
internet time
with your decision making,
you got to go on gut.
As long as you get
more right than wrong
you're kind of on the right path
because time is of the essence.
One of the things
that we are going to do
is pose a series of questions
from the faculty here.
And the first one
is to both of you.
It comes
from Lynda Gratton
who is associate professor
of organizational behavior.
Gratton:
I know that in America
you view stock options
as a real way of creating
high-performing work forces.
Here in Europe we think it's
all down to commitment.
What do you think?
Roberts:
I think the key thing is
to build
a sense of community.
And I think there's been
too much about money
about financial benefits
about pay for performance,
about results
about Wall Street
quarterly earnings
about nonsensical reports
written by merchant bankers.
The hard part is how do you
build a sense of community?
I suspect...
I suspect you have
fantastic community
in your company.
We do.
I get that feeling
emanating from you.
Yeah, definitely.
( laughter )
I can feel it, I can feel it.
And are stock options part of
the inducement for your folks?
Yes, they are kind of a leg
on the stool, if you will.
They are not the only thing.
It is about this
work environment
whether you want to use the word
"community," "work environment"
but that sense of belonging
and their sense of contribution
to do what they want to do...
not just financial recognition
but just, "Hey, great job"
or just being recognized
that they did
something really good.
And, of course, certainly
compensation has a role in that
but it is one piece--
not the "be all and end all."
All those things collectively
that make the right combination.
I want
to shift gears here
and talk about... it's one
of the great buzzword phrases
of stuff,
and that is branding.
This is a quote
from Kevin Roberts.
"Products and services
are becoming commoditized.
"That leaves brand
as the only basis
for differentiation
and choices."
The suggestion
there is...
and Toyota is
one of your biggest
clients, right?
Toyota is going
to make a great car
but so is Nissan,
and so is Honda
and so is anybody...
Well, when you say
"product," you know
this is the gospel
according to Kevin.
If products are
becoming commoditized
and brand is the only basis
for differentiation of choices
then what is it you
are selling people?
I've moved on from that.
I beg your pardon?
I've moved on
from there.
I wasn't going to tell you this,
but I will now.
So I now believe
branding is dead.
( audience murmurs )
( laughter )
Kevin, you realize this speech
is about two weeks old.
Yeah.
Internet speed, baby.
I guess so.
( laughter )
( applause )
Where I think we are moving from
is we started with products
and products are about
functional things, right?
They... what does a product do?
It gives you
a functional benefit.
It does something for you--
a car.
We then move to trademarks.
What's a trademark?
It protects that product
for you, the consumer
gives you a guarantee
of what it is
and it protects it
for the manufacturer.
Then Procter  and  Gamble
invented brands.
And what do brands do?
They give you fantastic
information, masses of it.
They tell you
why you should buy it
what the strategic
benefit is...
I don't think brands
are going to cut it
in the next decade
because I think you guys
are too smart.
I think what you
are now looking for...
I think you're moving
from trust to lust.
You're moving
from brands to love marks.
And what you want now
are relationships.
You want a relationship
and I'm sure that's
what you're looking for
with regular consumers, right?
And once you have
a relationship
that transcends information,
brands die.
I'll give you an example
which is, um,
two examples
that spring to mind,
in my mind.
My daughter Rebecca,
for her 18th birthday
we bought her
a red Volkswagen Bug.
You know, the little Beetle?
Currently that
stays in the garage
because there's no room
in her bedroom.
If she could...
( laughter )
This is a family friend
that sleeps in the garage
because Rebecca's got
no room in the bedroom.
She is in love
with that car.
It's a lovable thing.
People pat it, touch it
take photographs
of it, okay?
The Apple iMac...
this is the most sensual
product since the vibrator.
You put an iMac
on your desk
and people stroke it,
they touch it.
There was this great ad
which we didn't do
and I wish
we had done it.
It just had five iMacs--
you know, the orange,
red, yellow...
and underneath
it said one word:
"Yum."
So I think
we're moving
from brands
to love marks.
Greenfield:
You know what
we are going to do?
We are
going to put this
to a little test here.
And I'll show you
how we're
going to do it.
Now, I know you
have an ad agency
and that's fine.
But bear
with me a bit.
Roberts:
Who are they?
Leo Burnett, actually.
They used
to be fantastic.
( laughter )
Greenfield:
Let's say you
were coming to meet
a very important C.E.O.
of a significant agency
about this whole
question of branding.
I want you
to tell Kevin
what you want
from his agency
and then I want Kevin
to tell you
how he might
deliver it.
Just have
the conversation.
I'm butting out
for a minute.
Mr. Rose?
Here's the pitch.
But you tell him what
you are looking for.
This is very much
appreciated.
( laughter )
Normally you can never
get to meet these guys.
Just remember, the commissions
can work many ways.
What are you looking
for in a brand name?
No, it's
just as simple
as what I
talked about here.
I want to develop
a European, blue chip
Internet brand
that has values
about customer values
employees,
kind of trust, reliability
and also value-driven from
a customer's point of view.
They can get value and trust
from that.
I want a brand
that's going to stand
the test of time
that's going to
have the values,
the brand values
we want associated with it.
We're talking about trust
customer value
and proposition there
and it's going
to really stand
the test of time.
As simple as that.
You're on.
Well, I think what
we would do with that
is go back, actually
to something that Bill Bernbach
said way back
which is you got
to interrogate the product
to interrogate the brand.
And we would have
to learn a hell of a lot more
about what you do and
what differentiates you.
Then we would
take you a little bit...
because that was
a very left-brain brief
and it was a brief
that's designed to give you
competitive position at
the cortex level of the brain.
It is not going to get
into the deeply
reptilian part
that will make
a consumer want to have
a lifetime
love affair with you.
So, what we would try
to do with Jim
is to break down
the marketing speak
and the business speak
and get much more
into the deep emotions
that I know he has--
I know you have it
for your brand.
And I know his people--
these 300 people,
or disciples-- will have
unbelievable
emotional connections
to your company, I suspect
that are very deep.
But they are not used
to spewing them out
on the table
because they
are used to talking
like him, you know
in this capital market
kind of talk
that the capital markets reward.
But that's not
what he wants for us.
He wants us to build
an emotional lifeline
between your heart
and his brand.
And so we would
probe that.
Well, Jim, it sounds
like he wants
to just peel that
cerebral part of you out...
He wants to give me
a love mark, I think.
That's exactly right!
( applause )
And I think
you've actually got
the potential
to be one.
Exactly.
No, he's absolutely spot on
and the challenge
with our brand
is we actually
have two customers--
sellers and buyers.
And you got
to talk to them
in different ways.
And that's one
of the challenges.
All the agencies
we've kind of gone through
really struggle with trying
to bring that essence out
for both constituencies
out of the single brand.
Before we leave
the branding issue
there's a question for you from
another member of the faculty.
Mark Ritson is assistant
professor of marketing.
Ritson:
I'd like to ask Jim Rose
what's been
the most powerful tool
that he's used in building
the QXL brand?
Rose:
Originally I would have said
it was on-line distribution.
So 100% of our sales
and marketing spin
was in that area.
And as we moved on
we realized that's
not the most effective.
That's a very expensive
kind of proposition
and the cost to acquire
a customer is very expensive
and now the real powerful tools
are the off-line stuff.
We've moved over 60%
of our businesses
off-line versus on-line--
print, radio, billboard,
outdoor, very effective.
off-line versus on-line--
And now we are kind
of into a third wave.
And it's very much evolving
as Internet penetration goes on.
When you have ten percent
Internet penetrations
in a country, you've got to be
where those ten percent are.
Television advertising
is not the right thing
because 90% are not
going to understand
what the hell
you are talking about.
So now we're kind
of in our third phase.
We're still doing some
of those things behind us.
We're finding very effective
is affiliate programming...
kind of a networked economics
that go there.
And what I call
affinity marketing--
having ourselves associated
with big brands.
We've won the exclusive rights
to auction off Wembley Stadium
when it comes down
at the end of this year.
You are auctioning off famous
Wembley Stadium brick by brick?
Well, the whole thing,
from the turf
to all the name plates
of the rock stars
to the Queen's box to
the Queen's toilet to....
All the bricks, everything is
going to be sold in there.
Roberts:
I think the most
famous thing they did
was this Wembley thing.
It lifted your profile
from here to there,
you know
because I'm a sports...
so you were aiming at me, right?
And you hit me
like that
because my...
your awareness
and then suddenly
I did develop...
started to develop
an emotional bond with you
because that was so much part
of my history, my heritage
my tradition, my values
that I gave you
all those.
Last area that
I want to focus on
is probably one of the most
frequently discussed
about the impact
of new media on old
and that is the notion
that what's
coming down the pike
is going to revolutionize
traditional media.
From your experience
are the consumers,
are the customers
who use QXL.com
different in how
they approach
products and services
from a customer
that would have gone
into a store or a shop
30 or 40 years ago?
I think very much so.
I think the medium, if you will,
the Internet medium
allows so many
different things--
especially
in an on-line auction world.
You talk about on-line auctions
but it's variable-priced
e-commerce.
And if you look at the history
of the world
most of the world has been
in a variable-priced,
trade-and-barter kind of world.
And only in Western society have
you gone to fixed pricing
because it's more efficient
to not negotiate
for a Coca-Cola
or whatever the case may be.
But you still negotiate
for your house and car.
So the Internet has allowed
kind of a mass market--
a global market,
a country market, whatever--
to actually maximize price
and-- remember your old
supply-and-demand curves?--
to actually get a consumer
surplus out of there
and ride that
price curve down.
My 18-year-old son,
having more or less grown up
with a computer,
the argument goes
has a completely different
relationship to media
than I did, growing up staring
at the ten-inch black-and-white
television set.
He will not
be persuadable
in the way I was
by the skills
that you have
to which you
would say what?
Don't think he's
become more cynical, more savvy
and all these buzzwords
that you read.
That's nonsense.
The reverse is true.
The only problem
he's got
is that he's living
in the attention economy
and he has so many choices
in front of him now
because you can choose--
you're bombarded
with magazines,
with radio stations.
Everybody is aiming at
the market of one, right?
And you're also
absolutely time-stressed
because you do have
so many choices.
People are sleeping
1½ hours less a day
because they can
go on the net
whenever they like.
They can do all this
cool stuff, you know.
I'm sitting in New Zealand
and I can buy the Queen's toilet
from Wembley.
That's pretty cool.
I was never able
to do that before
at 3:00 in the morning.
( laughter )
And I think that what's
happening now is that people...
you have to hit people now
with your messages
straight here and here, okay?
They're no longer information...
You know, the best way
is to hit them here
in the first seven seconds.
You don't have 60 seconds,
you don't have 30 seconds.
You have to hit
them quicker
and then you have
to tell them
to go somewhere else
for the information
whether that's on the web site
whether that's on the package
or whatever.
We turn once again
to the faculty.
It comes
from Julian Birkinshaw
who is an associate professor
of strategic
and international management.
Birkinshaw:
Kevin, in the on-line world
you are coming up
against entrepreneurial,
new, fierce competitors--
competitors that you've
never come across before
in your traditional business.
Can you talk about some of the
innovative, creative things
that you are doing
to confront that challenge?
Roberts:
Yeah, we are
becoming them.
That's it. We are them.
We are this animal, you know?
This is just fun for us,
you know?
It's just fantastic.
And we've got to become them.
We don't want to buy them
or compete with them;
we want to be them.
I don't know what else
to say except this:
In a moment we are going to turn
to some questions from our
audience of future M.B.A.s.
But first some background
on the London Business School.
Since 1965, the London
Business School has been
in the heart of London,
overlooking Regents Park.
Its facade is a London landmark
with its Corinthian columns
and ten pointed cupolas.
The London Business School
was formed
to create
an international gateway
to the development of
better managers and leaders.
This year London Business School
will be graduating
a record number of students--
some 600 M.B.A.s
80% of whom are from
outside the U.K.
The Financial Times ranks
London Business School
number one in Europe.
( applause )
It's time now
for our audience
of future M.B.A.s
to ask questions that
they have for our guests.
Please tell us your
name and your question.
Go ahead.
My name's
Joe Mills.
You both mentioned that you
started getting passionate
about business at the age of 17.
How important do you think
starting that early has been
to your future careers?
In hindsight,
it's been important.
At the time
it was happening
you just kind
of did what you did.
But I think I've always
been able to kind of...
because of the experiences
I had at a young age
in managing
businesses or people
and to get the flavor and taste
for all that kind of stuff--
I really enjoyed that
at a young age--
allowed me to have
a much faster pace
of kind of developmental
experiences as you went through
and I had those experiences
at a young age.
Then I went to undergraduate.
Then I got a job
and went to graduate school.
All those things
in a short period of time
really allowed
my experience level
to accelerate quite quickly.
So I think very helpful.
Roberts:
For me it was all just luck
and happenstance and just being
in a bar at the right time.
So start whenever you're ready,
you know?
That should be
a fairly easy test, actually
to just wander into a bar
and see what's what.
Your name and your question,
please?
My name is Carmen Sutherland.
My question is, both of you have
at one point mentioned
your shareholders
and shareholder value
in particular Mr. Rose
working so closely
with the capital markets.
So we pretty much
have a very...
have focused very much
on a stakeholder view
taking a broader view
of the business
and looking at more
of a stakeholder
than just a shareholder.
Would you say that that's
realistic in everyday business
or really do you just think
about your shareholder value
that you're adding?
The stakeholder thing is
the right thing to do.
I talked about
capital markets
quite a bit
but I talk about customers
and employees equally.
If you take care of your
customers and your employees
in that process, especially
in a service-related industry
the shareholders will be
taken care of.
So don't mislead my overemphasis
on shareholders in terms
of capital markets.
It's an important
piece, but all the
stakeholders
and constituencies
involved are very,
very important there.
I'm 100% on that,
slightly reordering it.
The most important
thing to me is
my people
building a great sense
of community.
If the people are
totally inspired,
totally committed
they'll do great work.
Great work leads to permanently
infatuated clients.
Permanently infatuated clients
give you lots of money.
Lots of money gives you real,
real happy shareholders.
So I put 75% of my time
against people
25% against clients
and I let the share market
decide what it decides.
Woman:
My name is Jane Cody.
Another question
on the capital markets.
How do you make sure
that the capital markets
understand and attach
a proper value to the decisions
you make
which affect the long term
rather than the short term?
Yeah, I mean, you don't--
it's as simple as that.
The capital markets have
a mind of their own.
And I've learned
you can't focus on it that much.
I mean, clearly, if you are
doing the right things
to develop the business model,
you're all right.
Some things I think
are really great
and exciting
and really kind of
strategic happening
capital markets are flat.
Some of the things you
kind of do are, in my mind
just kind of good things
they respond extremely well.
So if you get too caught up
with the capital markets
and watch it too close,
you'll go nuts.
Just keep building your business
and it will take care of itself
over time.
And these are very much
long-term kind of propositions.
Not about last week
or this week kind of thing
but long term kind of stuff.
But it will drive you crazy
trying to anticipate
what the capital markets
will do
to any kind of business
decision that we take.
I found that in a very short
period of time.
Set targets, meet,
beat, repeat.
( audience chuckling )
Woman:
My name is Julie Green.
A question actually mostly
for Kevin
but I'd be interested
in the other opinion as well.
Kevin, you said C.E.O.s should
either get out or be kicked out
after seven years.
You've been with Saatchi
about...
Three.
about three years.
What's next for you?
I'm going to build
a bunch of businesses
in New Zealand
with my kids--
entrepreneurial businesses.
I've already started up
four or five
and so I'm working with them now
and we're going to go
into people-related
small entrepreneurial
businesses.
You like that?
You've got six years
grace, I guess
under Kevin's rule.
( laughing )
Hey, I'm in internet space.
That seven years...
my time is up.
I've passed myself,
my date, basically.
The Internet is much shorter
cycle than that, I think.
But it's about reinventing
yourself
reinventing the company.
I think what Kevin
is alluding to is
people get stale.
They don't think creatively
or reinvent themselves.
That's a very important piece
to do.
So right now and for
the foreseeable future
with the new medium,
with the Internet
I can see doing what I do today
for quite some time
or doing similar, related
kinds of things.
You know, the best thing
I've ever learned
is by running
small businesses.
I own the biggest bar
in New Zealand
I own a restaurant
and I've got like 70, 80, 90
people working in these places.
And I have more fun doing that,
and I learn more by doing that
than I do by running
Saatchi  and  Saatchi.
So I think that one
of the things everyone should do
is get into a small
entrepreneurial business
as soon as you can
and stay there.
Don't wait
until you retire.
I'm Morton Jorgenson.
I'd like to pick up
on Kevin's last remark.
You seem to be implying
that you are not having fun
at Saatchi  and  Saatchi
or that you are having more fun
doing your own thing.
Uh, how do you ensure
that when you go to work
in a company
like Saatchi  and  Saatchi
that you have the passion
to make your colleagues
and employees deliver
their best?
How do you do that?
By total belief.
I don't have to insure it.
I live it, I am it.
Every day for me is just
rock and roll
at Saatchi  and  Saatchi.
I love it.
But I spend a week a month
in New Zealand.
I spend a week in New York,
a week in London
a week traveling around
the rest of the world.
Just to follow up
your hours are
pretty long,
I gather, right?
What's a normal day
for you?
We should let this
audience know.
Well, at seven days a week,
my last 48 hours have been...
I was in Chicago.
I flew all night.
I got home, changed suitcases,
went to Paris.
Was in meetings until 12:30 last
night in Paris.
Up at 5:00 this morning
in to Amsterdam for a lunch
and to Rotterdam
for afternoon meetings.
In to London to do this
and I still got stuff
back at the office to do.
So, it's that
kind of stuff
that is
in this space.
But it seems, when
you go through that
it seems kind of
like a chore
but I've got to say, you know,
keep talking about this thing.
I love what I do--
that is what drives me
and if I could do more of it,
I would.
It is fun.
My schedule the rest of the week
is Stockholm, Frankfurt, Denmark
a board meeting
tomorrow morning.
So it's that kind of lifestyle
and it's not for everybody
but it's something I enjoy.
But I've got to get on
to whatever he's taking.
( chuckles )
Greenfield:
I'm exhausted.
Your question.
Your name
and question.
Hi, I'm Christian Barajan.
My question is
for kind of both of you.
You've both come in
and transformed the businesses
probably from where they were
and led it
into something different
from what it was
when you actually came in.
And it takes a lot of commitment
from what you've said, Jim.
You said there's
a lot of commitment
but probably travel
from one place to the other
and lack of sleep
as you said you've been
with three hours of sleep.
You have that commitment.
But how do you actually
transform that commitment
from you to your employees
and in other cases, probably
the stakeholders more
of the family you have.
How would you actually get
that going?
Start with setting
the greatest imaginable
challenge
turning that
into an inspirational dream
sharing the dream,
giving it focus
and providing a deep sense
of community
and then people will work
at peak performance
every day of their lives.
See, I have
a different view.
Kevin talks about
he doesn't believe
in leadership
and I think
traditional leadership
of the dictator
at the top of
the pyramid
I think those days
are gone.
But leadership
is really about...
it's infectious
to a degree.
If people see
what I'm doing--
obviously we set goals and
objectives and all that--
but see what I'm doing
it is infectious
and it permeates
through the organization
that people see you do it
'cause you want to do it.
It has almost a network effect
if you will, in that process.
So I think leadership is more
by example role model
but seeing the kind of things
I'm doing
and the commitment I have
actually leads through.
And you create a culture
of a way that, you know
kind of people, some people
can handle it
and some people can't
in that process
and they move on.
So I see it driven through
that way-- very infectious.
My view is
that organizations are full
of inspirational players
and that too many organizations
look to the top
for that inspiration
and they look for
the charismatic
you know, incredible C.E.O.
Whereas in fact,
I look around here
and there's probably 30
or 40 inspirational players.
And if I could unlock you
to inspire your peers
inspire your bosses,
inspire your colleagues
inspire you partners, that's
one hell of a lot more effective
you know,
than just having
this, you know, charismatic
leader at the top.
I mean, Jack Welch, I think,
built General Electric
through masses and masses
of inspirational players
at every level
of the company.
Woman:
My name is Jemma Harmon.
It's a question for Kevin.
You've talked a lot about and
described, in fact, passion
as a fundamental element
of your business
and indeed your life.
Someone who is passionate
and someone who has often heard
organizations talk
about passion
in reality it is just
a few bubbles in a frying pan.
I'd like to know first of all
from you
what do you personally do
to insure passion is kept alive
in your organization
and secondly,
what's your next
big passion?
I think that, I don't do
anything to ensure anything.
Okay?
Ensuring stuff and certainly is
what I fight against
and what I abhor.
I love uncertainty.
I think one of the key roles
of a C.E.O.
is to create havoc
wherever he goes.
( chuckling )
And, you know, we live
in uncertain times
so I don't want to ensure
passion.
Passion is something you feel,
you have.
It's there, it's not there.
I've just been in Paris,
like you--
Paris is obviously the place
to be the last two nights--
and Paris is a very
passionate town.
When I'm in Paris, I feel very
passionate, yeah.
We have lots of problems
I think we choose great clients
who want great work
we talk about the work
all the time
and we hire the right kind
of people
who come to us passionate
You know, I don't think
you can teach or
ensure passion.
Yeah, I mean
I subscribe
to that exactly, exactly.
You can't teach it.
Man:
Uh, I'm Sanjeet Asgupta.
This is a question for Mr. Rose.
You mentioned you've made
about eight acquisitions
over the last eight months.
Evidence has it that over half
of the mergers tend to fail.
How do you intend to manage
this risk?
One of the things
I did very early on
and from my
previous experience
in bigger kind of
traditional companies
is to actually over-hire.
Wayne Gretsky-- one of
the great hockey players--
and one of these people would
say about Wayne Gretsky
is what made him so great...
and he said he'd always skate to
where the puck was going to be
not where it is.
And I built
our organization
on where it was going to be,
not where it was.
So I hired very kind
of senior...
very... a lot
of management bandwidth
brought into the organization
to want to accommodate
the organic growth
that we see at 100%-plus
per quarter
but also the M  and  A activities.
I didn't want our organization
to be constrained by people.
The market opportunities
actually to be developed there.
So we've done it that way.
So we've made them very much
in the mind of, How do we
integrate these things?
How do they not become
a problem for us?
Man:
My name is Sanjeev Kanoria.
I'm an alumni of
the London Business School
and a bricks-and-clicks
entrepreneur.
Now my question is to Kevin.
Kevin, you talked about arousing
lust and putting birthmarks...
sorry, love marks on people.
( laughter )
Sorry.
Putting love marks on people
to create loyalty
and to create
an everlasting brand.
My question is very simple:
How would you create loyalty
on a very fickle-minded
internet community
where loyalty is regarded
as only a click away?
By never giving them
what they want
but giving them what they
never dreamed possible
every time they click on.
( chuckling )
Greenfield:
I think we've got
one more question
and it's you, sir.
Hi, I'm Asi Famoud,
I'm also an alumni.
I would actually like Jim
to answer that question as well
first before I pose my question.
In terms of loyalty,
it's actually...
it's about the service
you provide there for...
In our business, you're
kind of a click away
but if you look at...
when you get the community
and the network kind
of economics, people stay.
So we continue to bring services
new functionality, new features
and capabilities
to those people
so when they stay
there's really
nowhere else to go
because they've got
everything they need.
Famoud:
Okay, thank you.
One of the things
you emphasized on
on what gives you the edge
in Europe
is your localized concentration,
your local focus.
What is to stop your major
competitors-- E-bay and Amazon--
following the same strategy?
Surely it's just a technology
proposition.
Rose:
It's not that way at all.
Remember, the thing about
consumer-to-consumer auctions
is about liquidity, and it's
about the whole liquidity
where buyers want to be
where sellers are
and sellers want to be
where buyers are.
So once you have that natural
marketplace in there
you can't penetrate it.
And I'll use an example
out of the U.S.
E-bay has been in the U.S.
for a long time.
They charge very big fees.
Yahoo launches auctions
about two years ago--
the most trafficked portal
around
they launch a free service.
Can't dent E-bay.
Why? Because of the liquidity
that E-bay has.
You hear these words
about first-mover advantage
and these buzzwords,
critical mass--
they're very much
important here.
Once liquidity is there
once that marketplace is
established
it's very tough to take it away.
You just can't come in
with new technology
or new kind of proposition.
So it's critical.
Greenfield:
As you might put it
they've come to love
their portal.
It's becoming a love mark.
Well, to quote
a fairly famous Englishman
our revels
now are ended.
I'd like to thank
our audience from
the London Business School
for being here very much.
Thanks, too, to our guests
Kevin Roberts, C.E.O.
of Saatchi  and  Saatchi
Jim Rose, C.E.O. of QXL.com.
If this meeting of the minds
has helped contribute to the
world's marketplace of ideas
that is the business
of C.E.O. Exchange.
I'm Jeff Greenfield.
Thank you very much
for being here, good-bye.
( applause )
To learn more about C.E.O.
Exchange, visit PBS on-line
at the internet address
on your screen.
All you can do
is be passionate,
have a great idea
and then get really lucky.
Do you know what luck is?
But do you know what it is?
It's when preparation meets
opportunity.
And it's not a fad, as clearly
as the Internet's a trend
and all the metrics are telling
you where it's going.
And then I saw
the business model.
And I can look to the U.S.
and see that model
and adjust it to the way I saw
and I just took a chance
on consumer uptake.
You got to have table stakes.
You got to have a vision,
you got to have focus
you got to have velocity to go.
So we could bring brand
and technology
i.e., at no cost based
on proposition
they throw in the money
with local expertise
so we control an organization
with no capital.